Update Trending_techniques.md (#3854)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Trending/Trending_techniques.md

- Last year, with 1-hour averages (max. about 8760 data points).

> [!NOTE]

> > In case of average trending, the DMS not only stores the average value for a particular time slot, for numeric values it also stores the minimun and maximum value detected in that same time slot. In case of non-numeric parameters (such as [Discrete, analog, and hybrid parameters](xref:https://docs.dataminer.services/user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Parameters/Types_of_parameters/Discrete_analog_and_hybrid_parameters.html)) the DMS stores the value that occured the most, the value that was active the longest, and the percentage of time this value was active during the timeslot.

Reviewer: To create a cross-reference within the documentation, you should use the UID instead of the URL: 
```suggestion
> In case of average trending, the DMS not only stores the average value for a particular time slot. For numeric values it also stores the minimum and maximum value detected in that same time slot. For non-numeric parameters (such as [discrete and hybrid parameters](xref:Discrete_analog_and_hybrid_parameters)) the DMS stores the value that occurred the most, the value that was active the longest, and the percentage of time this value was active during the time slot.
```
